**Dumb College Stories**

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Dumbest Moment Of My Undergraduate Career: US History**

In Fall of 2013, I had to take a US History course to satisfy the core
curriculum of my math degree. As you are about to find out, History is
my worst subject. I am a problem solver. I like math and computer
science. I struggle when a ton of reading and memorization is thrown at
me. Throughout the semester, I studied very hard and did fine on the
exams. The dumbest moment of my undergraduate career came at the end of
the semester when I had to write a research paper for the course.

For the research paper, you have to visit the professor in her office at
each step of the way as you do the research paper. She has very specific
steps for the order to do your paper in and she has to sign off on each
step in her office after reviewing your progress with you. This means
that you have to visit her after your introduction, outline, rough
draft, etc. I finish working on my introduction one day and I\'m about
to visit her in her office in a few days so she can go over it with me.
She informs me to email it to her before I walk into her office so that
she has already read it before I walk in to her office. I do what she
asks and I email her my introduction. She emails me back saying, \"See
me in my office.\" I don\'t know the proper way to interpret her tone
since she said this over email but I\'m praying she liked my
introduction.

I show up to her office a few days later and this is where it all
happens. There are two other students ahead of me when I arrive. The
professor is talking to a guy one on one about his paper and she seems
like she\'s in a good mood. She\'s giving him some very helpful advice
for his paper. Eventually, they are done talking and she signs off for
him to go to the next step of his paper. Next, she proceeds to speak
with the girl in front of me about her paper. The professor appears to
still be in a good mood so I think it should go okay for me. The
professor eventually signs off for the girl and now it\'s my turn. I
walk forward and sit down.

My professor looks at me and before I even say anything, her smile turns
to a big frown. Now I\'m scared. She proceeds to say, \"I was super
angry as I was reading your introduction that you emailed me. I\'ve
never seen someone who knows so little about US History.\" I respond to
her saying, \"Sorry. I tried my best.\" I\'m already getting nervous.
She then says, \"Don\'t worry I\'m not angry anymore.\" I\'m trying to
figure out if should be relaxing right now or not. She finishes her
sentence by saying, \"I\'m no longer angry because I found out from your
writing that you aren\'t from the United States.\" This is an
interesting situation. Last time I checked, I was American. I\'m not
quite sure what to do but I end up replying, \"Okay\" as to suggest that
she is correct since her thought of me being not an American is the only
reason for her being calm with me right now. I actually thought at this
point in time that the visit might finish alright. Her next sentence
changed that thought. She says, \"So which country are you from?\" Well
shoot. Now I don\'t know what to say. If I tell her that I\'m from the
United States, she is going to get angry at me again because her
incorrect assumption that I\'m from another country is the only reason
she is no longer angry about my writing and lack of knowledge of US
History. I\'m trying to think of which country I should go with. Canada?
Canadians sort of have similar accents as Americans (outside of Quebec),
right? Oh-her masters was done in Canada. Scratch that. Australia? I
don\'t really sound Australian. Wales. Yeah. I bet she doesn\'t even
know what a Wales accent sounds like. Wait a minute. I don\'t know what
a Wales accent sounds like either. This is already super awkward now.
When someone asks you what country you are from, you shouldn\'t even
have to think. You should already have given a response within one
second. It\'s been 10 seconds now since she asked me what country I\'m
from and I\'m still thinking. She probably thinks I\'m so stupid. I\'m
so nervous at this point that I don\'t think I can take any more time to
decide which country I\'m from. I look at her with a straight face and
say, \"I\'m from the United States but I\'m only second generation
American so I\'m still learning my way around.\" Within about half a
second, I realized from her reaction that my response was
unsatisfactory. She had the biggest frown on her face. She looked like
Steve Harvey on Family Feud when a contestant says a dumb answer. I\'m
sure if you look back enough years, you could find a dumber answer on
Family Feud than what I gave to my professor just now. Maybe. She is so
angry right now. She doesn\'t even want to talk to me anymore. She just
wants me to leave. Without her saying anything or giving me any help
(which I was probably too scared to receive at this point anyway) she
signs off on my progress and points for me to leave. I grab my paper
that she signed and I book it out of there. I didn\'t even pack up my
stuff before I left her office. I just grabbed it all in my hand and
just ran out of her office with my hands full of all my stuff. So now
I\'m thinking that I survived and I\'m safe. Wait a minute. There are
four portions of the research paper that she has to sign off on and each
one is a separate office hours visit that must be done before the next
part is started. I have to visit her office hours three more times
before I can complete my paper.

I work on the next section of my paper and I feel helpless. I don\'t
think it even matters how good or bad I write at this point because she
hates me. I complete the next section of my paper and show up to her
office for the next step. I show up and there\'s one guy in front of me.
The professor appears to be in a good mood but I am pretty sure it
doesn\'t matter. She is smiling and is giving tips to the guy who is
working on his research paper. She eventually signs off for him and he
leaves. I walk forward and sit down. You probably wouldn\'t be too
surprised if I told you that she instantly frowned when I sat down.
Yeah. She doesn\'t like me. In fact, she only said one thing to me the
whole time during this visit which was the sentence she immediately
said. \"How did you pass high school?\" she asks me. I tell her that I
worked really hard and did a lot of studying. She doesn\'t even say
anything back. At this point in time she has given up and just signs off
on my paper without even looking at it. She asks for me to leave. In
fact, the next two times I show up to her office for future parts on my
paper, she didn\'t even say a single word. She just signed off and
pointed to the exit for me to leave.

Now I\'m finally done having to visit her office! I can now finish my
paper and turn it in to complete the course. Not sure if it\'ll score
well or not but at least I\'ll be done with her course. I work really
hard on the research paper and I finish it. I turn it in and I complete
the course. Two weeks later, my grades for all of my courses for the
semester done being posted online. I take a look at the score that I got
in her class. I made an A.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Professor Tries To Sneak Out Of Class**

In Spring of 2015, I took a night class at a community college. It was a
four credit hour computer science course that had a two hour lecture
from 6-8PM T, Th and a two hour lab from 8-10PM T, Th. So we have a two
hour lecture and then immediately walk to the lab next door for the two
hour lab assignment. Both the lecture and lab are run by the same
professor. The same 24 students that are signed up for the lecture are
also signed up for the lab. At the end of the semester, you get one
grade which is 80% of your lecture grade plus 20% of your lab grade. The
lack of people who showed up to class was terrible. Probably 12-18
people showed up to lecture on average and then even less than that
showed up to the lab. I guess you could just not do some of the labs and
take a few zeroes and still pass the course. At least that\'s what I
predicted was the mindset of those that didn\'t always show up to lab. I
showed up to lecture and lab every day the whole semester. In lab, there
was always a new lab introduced every class day and you had to be there
in the lab to do it. Towards the later stages of the semester, the lab
attendance dropped even more and started to average somewhere around 5-8
students. On one day out of the semester, an unforgettable sequence of
events happened.

It\'s just another day of the semester and there are no special events
or exams going on that I can think of. I show up to lecture and it\'s
the usual 50% of the students that showed up to lecture. Lecture
finishes and I walk into the lab which is where the sequence of events
to be remembered unfolds. I walk in and it\'s dark and there\'s no one
in there. I turn the lights on and take a seat. Even though the lab room
is adjacent to the lecture room, the professor is usually five minutes
late. The students have usually all arrived to the lab (of the ones that
even show up) within three minutes or so of the lecture finishing. Four
minutes passes by and I\'m still the only student there. I guess I\'m
just going to be the only student to do today\'s lab? I check the
schedule online and it still shows that we have a new lab today so I
guess the others just want a zero on the lab. A minute later, my
professor walks in. He takes a look at the room and notices I\'m the
only one in the room. He is now angry. You would think that the reason
that he is angry is because 23 of 24 students didn\'t show up. In fact,
that was exactly the reason he was angry. He wanted 24 of 24 students to
not show up so he can go home from work two hours early. He looks at me
and says \"you know if you didn\'t show up, I\'d be able to go home?\" I
look at him and say \"sorry sir, I\'m just trying to do today\'s lab
assignment.\" He replies \"whatever\" and takes a seat. He is clearly
incredibly angry at me. I don\'t want to just walk out and take a zero
on the lab.

I start working on the lab assignment and it\'s clear he\'s not going to
give me any help on it because he\'s mad at me. He\'s sitting down in
his chair, mean-mugging me and looking at his watch to see when lab will
be over. I try to ignore him and keep working on the lab. I reach a
point in time in the lab in which I have to plug a chord in underneath
the table. I turn around and bend my back so that I can plug in the
chord into the outlet underneath my table. He notices my back is turned
to him and he sneaks out of the room. I get back up after plugging in
the chord and I notice he\'s gone. I hear him get stopped in the hallway
by the lady who is in charge of the building. She asks him where he\'s
going. He replies, \"I\'m heading home for the evening.\" She points to
the lab that he is in charge of and says that he has to lock the lab
before he can leave. He returns to the lab but can\'t lock the lab
because I am in there. Now he\'s even angrier. He has to sit in there
now until I leave the lab. I keep ignoring him and just work on my lab.
Lab ends at 10 PM and I finish the lab one minute before 10 PM and turn
it in online. I leave the lab at 10 PM and he had to wait there the
whole time because I was in there.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Dumb Research Paper Presentations**

I\'m taking this film class and we were notified that we would have to
write a 16 page research paper since the first day of class. However, we
weren\'t allowed to start the research paper until he gave us a list of
topics to choose from. He gave us a list of topics to choose from...with
two weeks of class left. On this same day, he informs us that we will
have to give a presentation on our research paper in one week. I\'m
trying to figure out how it is going to be possible to give a
presentation on our research paper one week after being assigned a
topic. On top of that, the presentation is one week before the deadline
for the paper. What exactly is he expecting from us in this
presentation? I have taken this professor twice before. His syllabus
always lists where all of your grades are from and how much each
assignment or test is worth. There has never been any tricks or
surprises. I see the research paper is worth 20% of my grade but
there\'s nowhere on the syllabus that talks about the presentation. I
have the grading rubric for the research paper too and that doesn\'t
mention a presentation either. Is this presentation even for a grade? I
proceed to ask this question to the professor but I try to use clever
wording so that I don\'t come across as rude. I ask the professor if he
is able to tell us what we are being evaluated on for the presentation.
He informs me that we will not be evaluated on anything for our
presentations because it is not for a grade. The professor tells us to
just do our presentation however we want. He also says that students can
ask questions to the presenter after their presentation and that class
will end when the last person is done presenting.

The day of the research paper presentation comes around. My focus for
the week was to get a lot of my research paper done but to not work too
hard on the presentation since the presentation isn\'t for a grade. I
figured that the rest of the students would do the same. That wasn\'t
the case. The first guy walks to the front of the room for his
presentation. He was dressed up all fancy for the presentation and even
had a PowerPoint. He gave an 8 minute PowerPoint presentation. I
couldn\'t understand. Why did he try so hard for something that wasn\'t
for a grade? Who knows? Some students ask him some questions after the
presentation and he gives some very knowledgeable responses. The next
student goes up to present and it\'s the same thing. It\'s another fancy
PowerPoint presentation that lasted 8-10 minutes. Classmates ask him
questions at the end and he gives good responses too. The next student
goes up and it\'s the same thing. The professor isn\'t saying much but
he appears to be unimpressed despite the fact that this isn\'t for a
grade and it looks like people still worked very hard on their
presentation. Finally, some guy walks up and doesn\'t have any
PowerPoint. My hero. He just talks for around five minutes and then goes
to sit down after answering two questions.

It\'s towards the end of class and the lady who presents right before me
walks up to give her presentation. She is dressed up very professionally
and has a PowerPoint presentation. In my mind, she started off really
well and appeared to have worked really hard. The professor didn\'t
think so. She is only a minute and a half into her presentation and the
professor is already starting to interrupt her. He is questioning and
disagreeing with everything she is saying. She can\'t even go more than
30 seconds without getting interrupted by him. I thought she did great
so I was shocked to see the professor attack her so much. After about 10
minutes, she is done presenting and now it\'s my turn to present. I am
one of the last to present. At this point in time, the shortest
presentation that anyone had given was that guy who gave a five minute
PowerPoint-less presentation (I sort of intended that pun to be there).
I proceed to walk to the front of the room to give my presentation which
was unfortunately right after the professor challenged everything the
lady before me said. I have a piece of paper in my hand with everything
that I plan on saying for my presentation. I get up there to present. My
plan is to read what is on my piece of paper word for word from start to
finish and be done. I look at the entire class with a straight face. My
paper contains three sentences. I read my three sentences and my
presentation is done in around 30 seconds. I went the whole presentation
without being interrupted by the professor. He must have thought it was
good. He asks the class if anyone has any questions for me. For the
first time, not a single student had any questions for the presenter. I
guess they must have agreed with all three of my sentences. The
professor starts clapping and even gives me a high-five. He didn\'t
high-five any other presenter the whole class day. It looks like my
presentation was pretty good. We get to the last presenter. The students
are all super tired now because it is a three hour class that meets once
per week. They just want to go home. Half of the class has their back
turned to the last presenter. When the presenter is done, the professor
asks if anyone has any questions. Before anyone even has time to ask a
question, 2/3 of the class jumps out of their seat and start clapping as
loud as they can. Genius. The presenter sees the class clapping and goes
to sit down to end the last presentation.

Now the presentations are done and the only grade left is the research
paper. Well, the paper was technically the only grade left before the
presentations were done but the rest of the class didn\'t get the memo.
The papers are to be submitted via email more than 24 hours before the
last class day starts. I work very hard on the paper and it is time for
me to submit the paper via email. I calculate which grade I need to get
on the paper to get an A in the class. It turns out that I need a 92 on
the paper. I submit my research paper via email to my professor. Four
minutes later, my professor emails me back. The email reads, \"97/100
--sent from my iPhone.\" Wait a minute. I submitted my 16 page research
paper four minutes ago. He already graded it? Well. If it ain\'t broke
don\'t fix it.

The professor emails the entire class a few hours later saying that the
deadline for email submissions has passed and that 25% of the class
didn\'t submit their research paper yet. He informs them that if they
didn\'t submit their research paper yet, they can bring a hardcopy to
class and turn it in for a late penalty. He also informs us that we have
to bring back the books he rented out to us since it\'s the last class
day. I show up to class the next day for the final class day. I\'m
thinking that the remaining 25% of the class that didn\'t submit their
research paper will have brought a hardcopy to class and submit it now
for the late penalty. The professor asks for late research paper
submissions now in class and only one guy brought his paper forward.
Wow. After that, the professor asks for us to return the books he rented
out to us. I\'ll explain how the book renting works. At the start of the
semester, he had 30 copies of the textbook for our course and rented one
out to every student in the class (free) in agreement that they return
the book to him at the end of the course. So it\'s time for us to hand
our books back to him now. I give him his book back and other classmates
hand their book back too. However, 1/3 of the class didn\'t give him his
book back there. He had told us since the first day of class that anyone
who doesn\'t return his book to him will get a grade of Incomplete in
the course. So this was an interesting sequence of events to end the
semester. The entire class gave super prepared research paper
presentations with nice PowerPoints (0% of their grade). After that, 22%
of the class didn\'t even submit their research paper (20% of their
grade). One-third of the class didn\'t even bring his book back to him
(100% of their grade since they get a grade of Incomplete). I guess the
ones who didn\'t submit their research paper didn\'t even want a grade
anyway.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Math Professor On Drugs**

After being two years into my math degree, I had the pre-reqs completed
to take Real Analysis. Real Analysis is the hardest math class for an
undergraduate by far. Fortunately for me, I had two years to go in my
degree and could take it Fall or Spring. This means that I have four
different choices for when to take it since it\'s not a pre-req for
anything I need. My goal was to wait and take it whenever the best
professor was teaching it. A whole year passes by and there was never
any good professor teaching it. Finally, there is a good professor that
is going to teach it next semester so I sign up for it. The professor
who is going to teach this course is the highest rated math professor at
my university by a long shot. In other words, he gives out the highest
grades. Three-fourths of the students who take him get an A. No other
math professor had anything more than 10% of their students getting A\'s
in Real Analysis. This may be the hardest math class at my university
but it\'s not going to be the hardest math class when it\'s taught by
him.

The class starts and from the first day, I can tell that this professor
is awesome. He assigns two to three homework problems every week and
they are short. The grading on everything is very lenient. Every time we
turn in our homework, he forgets to pick them up. Someone always has to
remind him to pick up our stack of homework on his desk before walking
out of the room. Most of the class days were spent learning proofs since
it is Real Analysis class. Every time he got stuck on a proof, he
wouldn\'t try to figure it out. He\'ll just pause on the proof and start
telling a story about his life, being from Israel. None of his stories
have anything to do with class. He will make sure that his story goes
long enough to where the class time is up when his story is done so that
he doesn\'t have to finish the proof that he doesn\'t know how to do. On
the next class day, he will start on new material so he doesn\'t have to
worry about returning to that proof. For any proof that he can\'t figure
out, he won\'t test us over it.

One day, he started a proof at the start of class and was already stuck
five minutes into the proof. You know what this means. He needs a story
that will take 45 minutes to tell. He proceeds to tell us the best story
he told us all year. I\'ll summarize it. When he was a graduate student
of mathematics in Israel, he was closing in on getting his PhD but
needed to present research at various conferences as part of his degree
requirement. The single most important math conference of the year is
about to arrive and he is scheduled to present in it. This conference is
held in Amsterdam. He flies out to Amsterdam with one of his friends the
day before the conference. He wakes up the next day and it is the day of
the conference. The conference is scheduled for the evening so he has
some time to spend before going to the conference that he is going to
present his research at. He goes to one of the stores that has drugs and
decides to try out a couple of their stronger drugs. After doing some of
the drugs, he returns back to his room a few hours before the
conference. The effect of the drugs is so strong that he passes out. My
professor\'s friend was out of the room at the time. An hour before the
conference starts, his friend returns to the room to get ready to drive
them both to the conference. His friend notices my professor is passed
out and tries to get him up. My professor gets up but doesn\'t recognize
his friend because of how strong the drugs are. It takes my professor\'s
friend 10 minutes to convince him that he\'s his friend and that they
have to go to a conference so that he \[my professor\] can present his
research. They arrive at the conference and it\'s my professor\'s turn
to present. He is still under the influence of the drugs. He starts to
walk up on the stage to present his research in front of hundreds of
math PhD\'s. There\'s a problem. He is wobbling back and forth from
being so dizzy from the drugs that he can\'t figure out where the center
of the stage is. His friend walks up to the stage and helps him to the
center. This is already an awkward start. You can only imagine what the
people in the audience are thinking. My professor is now standing in the
right spot and holding onto the podium stand so he doesn\'t start
falling over. He looks at the audience but doesn\'t know where he is. He
doesn\'t know what he\'s supposed to do. After about one minute, he
notices somewhere on the wall that there is a mention of a math
conference. He sees this and proceeds to start talking about math. He
remembers a previous PowerPoint presentation that he gave at a previous
conference. He doesn\'t remember how any of the math works from that
PowerPoint but he remembers some of the words on there. He starts saying
random words that were from that previous PowerPoint but doesn\'t
attempt to explain any of it because he doesn\'t know how. As he is
talking, no one has any questions for him and most of them aren\'t even
looking. After 30 minutes of this, he is done and surprisingly, still
nobody has any questions for him. Since there are no questions for him,
he is about to walk off the stage. He releases his hand from the podium
stand that he was holding onto for balance as he\'s about to start
walking and now he is already starting to fall over. He is wobbling a
lot as he is walking and his friend runs up to help him off the stage.
After his friend helps him off the stage, his friend decides to just
take him out of the building via the nearest exit to get out of there
instead of returning to their seat. Once they are outside, my professor
asks his friend, \"How did I do?\" The friend responds, \"Well, your
entire presentation made sense to me but there was one problem.\" \"What
was the problem?\" my professor replies. His friend answers, \"You gave
the whole presentation in Hebrew.\"

This guy had the best stories. I bet people\'s decisions to show up to
lecture had more to do with listening to his stories than learning math.
The remaining highlight I\'ll talk about with him was the final exam.
It\'s time for the final exam and he is giving us the rules for the
exam. \"Rule number one for this exam is that this exam is easy\" he
says. \"Rule number two for this exam is that this exam is designed to
help get you to where you are trying to go in life. Rule number three of
this exam is to try to cheat on the exam if you feel it is worth the
risk.\" He proceeds to pass out the exams and then turns his back to the
class as he sits in his chair. Wow. I am working on the exam and I
notice that it\'s 10 pages long and that most of the answers are short
answer (AKA long answer since it\'s Real Analysis). I turn in my exam to
him after finishing and he asks me, \"How long do you think it will take
me to grade each person\'s exam?\" I reply, \"I don\'t know...maybe 10
minutes per person?\" My professor responds, \"22 seconds.\" I\'m
thinking....22 seconds? I guess I know who graded my research paper in
four minutes for my film class.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Too Good To Be True**

It is Spring of 2013 and I\'m taking a history course for the core
curriculum. Don\'t worry-it\'s not with the professor who thought I was
from a different country because of my lack of knowledge for US History.
This is a different professor. It was one of those professors who would
make so many jokes in class that you keep one page for lecture notes and
another page for his jokes. He is in the middle of lecturing one day and
someone starts knocking on the door. A student walks over to open up the
door and a pizza man from Papa Johns walks in! He is carrying over 16
stacks of pizza boxes. My first guess: wrong room? This doesn\'t sound
like something my professor would do. Next, my professor walks towards
the pizza man and pays him. I\'m like whoa this is for us? I don\'t
believe it. Nah, this is probably all for him or for a party later or
something. It turned out I was wrong. He tells us to all come forward
and grab some pizza. He tells us that it is near lunch time anyway and
too many of his students don\'t have time to eat a big enough lunch
between class so he wanted to help out. I\'m thinking wow. What an
angel. He\'s a cool person and all but I didn\'t think he would ever
order pizza for us. He\'s always walking around asking students for
money. I looked up his salary one day and it was \$186k per year. He
even jokingly told me one day that I should pay him at graduation for
how easy his class is. Anyway, back to the pizza. I\'m in a super good
mood after this unexpected turn of events where he bought pizza for the
whole class of over 100 students. After we finish eating our pizza,
someone else comes knocking on the door. We\'re all thinking, \"More
pizza?\" A student goes to open up the door. It is an employee of the
department of history at my university with the teacher evaluation
surveys for my professor. She passes out the teacher evaluation surveys
to all of the students and we have to fill it out where we review the
professor and return it by the end of the class period. I get it now. He
intentionally bought all of us pizza the day of the teacher evaluation
survey for him so that we would give him good reviews. Well, it worked
on me. I rated him the greatest professor of all time. This was before I
had taken the awesome drugged out math professor so he was certainly my
number one at the time.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Dumb Project Presentations**

This story is titled dumb project presentations. I feel like most
project presentations that students give are dumb. Students don\'t seem
to ever care or be passionate about any sort of project they do for
school. One professor I had said, \"I give students so much freedom.
They can literally do a project on anything. Everyone ends up happy.\"
Well there\'s always one little constraint. You can do a project on
anything as long as it pertains to the course. That constraint is enough
to make most of the projects boring because the student now could care
less about their topic since it has to pertain to a course that they are
only taking to fulfill the core curriculum. Obviously, it has to be this
way for projects. If your project for geology class is to do a study in
Neural Networks, then it doesn\'t make any sense to have a computer
science project factor into your geology grade since your geology grade
is supposed to sort of access your knowledge of geology. The way
projects are assigned is fine. However, no professor should have the
mindset of \"my students can do anything they want and are going to like
their project.\" Anyway, those were the exact words said to me by the
professor who had us do one of the worst projects. Rant incoming.

I have to take this assembly language programming course for my degree
plan. The course is terrible but the professor is even worse. It seems
like we have to work 10 times harder to do 10 times less than what we
can do in a high level programming language. We get towards the end of
the semester and probably half of the students are failing. I\'m in good
standing but the project he wants us to do at the end of the semester is
a killer. I don\'t even remember half of the terms that were used to
describe the project. It had something to do with programming a
microcontroller to get the microcontroller to spin in a certain pattern.
The worst part is that we had to program it in AVR. Don\'t know what AVR
is? I don\'t either. I never knew what it was and still don't. You
should have seen the look on everyone\'s face when the professor
announced that we have to program our final project in AVR. We were all
wondering, \"What\'s AVR?\" We definitely never heard the word AVR used
in any of the lectures. At this point in time, there were still a few
more lectures, though. Maybe we will learn AVR in a future lecture and
can use it for our project. Nah, probably not. My group decides to wait
a few more days before starting just in case.

On one class day, the professor says we will learn a new programming
language and that we will use it for the rest of the semester. We are
all thinking, \"Great! We are about to learn AVR now so we can do our
project!\" He says the name of the programming language and it wasn\'t
titled AVR. Maybe the programming language has multiple names and AVR is
just another name for whatever name he just told us? After lecture, I
google AVR to check if that is just another name for what we learned
today. It\'s not. I look up some basic AVR code to see if it looks
similar to what we learned today in anyway. Nope. Well this is great. I
guess we just have to teach ourselves AVR or copy paste some AVR code
from the internet? My group and I look up AVR on the internet and it
looks like it is some extinct programming language that was abandoned
many years ago. There is minimal information on it and none of it makes
any sense. We don\'t think there is any way that we can do this project
in AVR. It\'s around a week before the project presentation day today
and we still don\'t know anything about how AVR works and have nothing.
We talk to every single other group in the class. None of them know what
AVR is and none of them have started because we don\'t know what\'s
going on. We decide to go to the professor\'s office hours to ask him
about AVR. We ask him for a brief explanation on what AVR is and how it
works. He looks at us like we are all idiots. He tells us that we have
been learning it in class for the past three weeks. We all looked up AVR
on the internet and it definitely wasn\'t even close to anything in
class. We show him the articles we read on AVR and point out that there
appears to be zero correlation between AVR and anything we did in class.
At this point in time he tells us that we didn\'t pay attention in class
well enough. We are pretty certain we have been following the lectures
and they have nothing to do with AVR. The professor won\'t give us
anymore help so we leave. We decide that we should just try to copy
paste some random AVR code off the internet and see if any of it even
does anything. We could only even find around 5 code samples on the
internet for our microcontroller and none of it did anything. On top of
that we have a very specific version of the microcontroller that we
couldn\'t find any information on the internet about. There are a few
parts to it that are also very specific that we felt like might
influence the code we have to do. There\'s no way we can do this. We
tried everything and nothing worked. One of our partners goes up to the
professor and asks with a straight face, \"So how many points off is it
if we program the microcontroller in C?\" The professor replies \"50%
off your grade.\" Our partner replies, \"Awesome, great!\" We were
actually legit going to do it in C. We didn\'t even think we could get a
50% if we did it in AVR. The professor then notifies him that his
response was sarcastic and we actually aren\'t allowed to do it in C.
Well I guess we\'re out of luck.

It\'s the day of the project presentations and we have nothing. We talk
to every single other group before class starts and every single one of
them have nothing. Nothing works for anyone. Maybe the professor will
recognize that no one can do any of it and curve everyone up? Who knows?
The professor walks in as class is about to start. He sounds all excited
as he says, \"It\'s time for everyone to do show and tell!\" He then
asks which group wants to go first. The entire class explodes laughing
because we all know that no one has anything that works so none of us
are trying to go first. He picks a group at random and they go up to
present their project. Their project was on using AVR code to make their
microcontroller detect motion. The guy starts off by saying, \"If you
wave your hand in front of the microcontroller, it is supposed to detect
the motion of your hand and make a beeping noise. Notice how I used the
words \'supposed to\' in describing it,\" he says. He asks for his
partner to wave her hand in front of the microcontroller. She waves her
hand in front of the microcontroller and it does nothing. Well, he was
technically right. Their microcontroller was \'supposed to\' make a
beeping noise when she waved her hand in front of it. I won\'t make fun
of them. My project wasn\'t any better. We already knew that their
project didn\'t work and at this point every student knows that no
one\'s project works since we all talked about it before class. The only
person who doesn\'t know that no one\'s project works (yet) is the
professor. Anyway, they finished their presentation and I thought it was
very well done for a group that had a project that didn\'t do anything.

The professor randomly calls on the second group to present. It\'s not
my group. This group was supposed to use AVR code to light up a matrix
board. One presenter holds up the matrix board for the class to see. She
points to the spots on the matrix board that are supposed to light up
when she runs the code. The professor is looking intrigued. She proceeds
to run the code and nothing lights up. The professor is back to frowning
again. Her group then informs everyone that her project didn\'t work.
They go and sit back down. Now it is time for the third group to
present. This was the best presentation. They walk up to the front of
the room and are all dressed super professional. They start up
PowerPoint and are the first group to use PowerPoint for their
presentation. I\'m already starting to think back to those presentations
for my film in Dumb Research Paper Presentations and I\'m wondering what
type of information this group will have on their PowerPoint since their
project didn\'t work. They have the PowerPoint on the title page that
has their names and project name. One presenter starts talking. \"Good
evening class. My name is Jim and my partner is Brett. We did our
project on the Servo and it didn\'t work,\" he says as he goes to the
next PowerPoint slide which is blank. They sit back down. That was the
best presentation I\'ve ever seen in a college class. There\'s no way my
group can compete with that.

At this point in time, there are multiple groups still left and we
coincidentally all had the same project assignment. He asks for one of
the groups to go up. Without asking for the professor\'s permission or
opinion on this, we all decide to just go up together, even though we
are of totally different groups. Teamwork makes the dream work, right?
We should have just had the whole class try to go up at the same time
and present together at the start of class. That would have been
awesome. Anyway, we get up there together with multiple groups and take
a glance at the professor to try to gauge how angry he is at the fact we
went up together. He has the same consistent frown on his face that he
had through the previous three presentations so we think it\'s probably
okay. We take the approach that the first group took. We explain to the
class that our microcontroller is supposed to spin when the AVR code
runs. We run some AVR code that doesn\'t do anything (which we knew
would happen). We then point out when it is supposed to spin. After
rambling for five minutes about how the microcontroller is supposed to
work, we go and sit back down. That was the last presentation. Not a
single group\'s project worked or even did anything at all. It was like
you could just not use any code at all and it wouldn\'t make a
difference. The professor still has a frown on his face. He informs us
that every group project in his other section of the class (the
afternoon section) worked perfectly. He also informed us that everyone
in his other section is caught up on labs whereas the average student in
our class has one-third of the labs complete. It doesn\'t seem possible
that his afternoon section of the class would be overwhelmingly better
than our section of the class.

A few days later, it is close to the day of the final for this same
class and I go in for tutoring. I bump into someone who is from the
other section of the class. He sees I am from the other section of the
class and is interested and immediately starts talking to me. The first
thing he says to me is, \"I\'m in the afternoon section and no one got
any of their projects to work. We are all way behind on labs. The
professor keeps telling us that the evening section got all their
projects to work and are caught up on labs. Is this true?\" I inform him
of how my section is going. Now it all makes sense to me. We have now
both found out that our professor has lied to us this whole time about
how the other section of his class is going. It turns out that both his
afternoon and evening section can\'t get any of the group projects to
work and are way behind on labs. However, he tells his afternoon section
that the evening section is great and ahead on everything and then tells
his evening section that the afternoon section is great and ahead on
everything. I guess that was his plan to get his students to work? It
didn\'t work out since the average student in our class completed 4 of
12 labs at the end of the semester.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**You Can\'t Copy Paste Your Way To Your Degree \[Supposedly\]**

It\'s time for another computer science class rant. On one of the
homework assignments for this class, you have to write complicated code
to do something. A portion of the things we need to do is stuff that we
have never done and are not qualified to do so he just gives us the code
for it. The rest of the code is code that we produce ourselves. So I
start the assignment when it is time. I run the code he gave us and it
doesn\'t work. You have to have this portion of the code running before
you can continue. It\'s code he gave us and code that we aren\'t
supposed to know how to produce so there\'s not really a lot I can do
right now to try to fix it. I go to his office hours for help at the
next available time. I inform him that I tried running the code he gave
us but I couldn\'t get it to work. He takes a look at it. His first
reaction was, \"There can\'t possibly be a mistake with my code. It must
be your code!\" I inform him that I didn\'t type any code yet and that
all I did was copy paste his code as his instructions suggested and it
didn\'t work. He is still telling me that it is probably an error in
something I typed even though I told him I didn\'t even type anything.
After he looked at it for two hours, he found out that he had made a
mistake in the code he gave us. It was sort of sad that he sent us code
that doesn\'t work when all he had to do was copy paste it to test it
out to see if it works before sending it to us. Instead of taking the
blame for it, he proceeds to give me a lecture about how I was trying to
copy paste my way through the assignment and that I probably try to copy
paste my way to my degree in all of my other classes. First of all, the
assignment instructions told me to copy paste his code. All I did was
follow directions. Secondly, his code was stuff we never learned which
was why he gave it to us in the first place. Whatever. After he fixes
the typo in his code, the program works. His office hours are done so I
leave his office and go home. He sends a lengthy email to the whole
class saying titled \"People shouldn\'t be trying to copy paste their
way to their degree.\" He didn\'t mention any names but he said
precisely the same things in that email as what he said to me in his
office. I show up to class the next day and ask my classmates if they
got the email. They all say yes. I told them that the person he was
calling out was me and we all laughed it off. He never fixed the typo in
his code on his website, though. I even checked a year later and that
same typo was still there for his new class. I also forgot to mention to
you guys that there were three other labs later in the semester that had
typos in the code too. He didn\'t fix those typos for his future class
either. Have fun.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Does Anyone Fail This?**

I had to take a geology class to satisfy part of the core requirements
for my computer science degree. I knew from the first day of class that
this class was going to be dumb. I read the syllabus and what I read
was...interesting. You take every exam twice. You first take the exam by
yourself and then you turn in your exam and immediately take it again
with a partner. That\'s the weirdest exam policy I\'ve seen since my
Differential Equations professor said, \"If you miss an exam, I will try
to predict what score you would have gotten on it had you been there to
take it.\" Anyway. All of the exams are multiple choice. She gives you
the solutions to the exams after you finish them. At the end of the
semester you are allowed to re-take any exam you want for full credit.
You are also allowed to use a note card with any notes on any exam.
Lastly, you can get up to 7 additional points towards your final grade
in the class by attending field trips. This professor is awesome. She
can definitely compete with the math professor on drugs or the pizza
professor for the best professor ever. I wasn\'t sure initially but at
an initial glance it appeared that a student could just not show up to
the class and re-take everything at the end of the semester with the
answer key on their index card. There must be some catches. I don\'t
think it\'d be that easy, can it? I\'m not going to risk it.

The semester goes along and I still try hard just incase some of these
policies don\'t work out like they say they will on the syllabus. I
attend the field trips for extra credit. It turns out that you get your
points just by being at the field trip and you don\'t actually have to
get quizzed over it or anything. I do an on-campus field trip for two
points and it\'s literally just one hour long. All I had to do was walk
around, following a tour guide as I nod my head to everything he says as
if he\'s speaking louder than the music in my ears. The professor brings
to our attention that we can do an out-of-town field trip for 3 points
if we do the field trip that is from 8 am to 8 pm on a bus that takes
you out of the city. She then informs us that if the dates for that
field trip conflict with our schedule, we can instead do a virtual field
trip in place of that for the same amount of points. However, we aren\'t
allowed to do both. I\'m weighing my options now. One field trip is 12
hours long. How long does the virtual field trip take? I go to the
website and it says the virtual field trip takes 2 hours. Wow. 12 hours
for the out-of-town field trip or 2 hours for the virtual field trip and
both give the same amount of points. Why does anyone even do the
out-of-town field trip? The bus should be completely empty. I think I
know which one I\'m doing. I walk up to the professor the next day. I
have her sign me up for the virtual field trip. You\'d think that most
of the class would just do the virtual field trip since it\'s literally
6 times shorter. Nope. 75% of the class instead signed up for the
out-of-town field trip. Their loss.

We get towards the end of the semester and the professor informs us that
we are now allowed to retake any exam. I\'m curious how this is going to
work. She has the solutions to all of her exams this semester up on her
website for us to view. On top of that, we are allowed to bring a
notecard with any notes we want on the exam. Is she even going to change
the questions on the exams? I don\'t know how to ask that question
without coming across as rude. Before I can think of a way to word that
question, someone else goes ahead and asks it. The professor replies \"I
don\'t want people to just be able to walk in with the answers to the
previous exams on their notecard and just get a 100. As a result, I\'m
going to change the order of the questions and change one or two
questions.\" I\'m not going to lie-I thought that was pretty funny.
Change the order of the questions? How is that going to make it any
harder? It doesn\'t matter if you ask me about a certain type of rock as
the first question or the last question. Changing only 1 or 2 questions
also doesn\'t make any sense. There are 30 questions on the exam. We can
still miss every question she changes and make an A. Whatever. I sign up
to retake every single exam since there is no penalty in scoring lower.
I walk in with my notecard and I\'m ready to go. I take the exam. The
out of order questions didn\'t do anything to me. I end up getting every
single question correct that was still in there from when we had it in
the exam earlier this semester. I also get every single question wrong
that was new to the exam. In fact, this happened for all exams that I
re-took. Not suspicious at all. Nope. Just a coincidence. I still got an
A on all of the exams despite missing every single new question. It was
an easy A in the class.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**What\'s The Probability of Calculating The Probability In This
question?**

If I told you the probability that I can solve a probability question on
an exam in my Probability class, the answer would be closer to 0 than it
would be to 1. If I let you pick any of my probability exams at random,
the probability that I got more than one question completely right would
be zero. Yeah, you read that right. I didn\'t have a single probability
exam the whole semester where I got more than one question completely
right on the exam. Well guess what? No one else did either. I talked to
a lot of other students in the class and I never met another student
that ever got more than one question completely right on any exam in
that class. In fact, most people never got any question completely right
on an exam in the class. You are probably wondering how tough the
questions on the exams were for this to be possible. I\'ll put it this
way-all of the exam questions were weird. I\'ll give you an example of
one question.

Say there are 15 people who want to go to the beach. There are two cars:
one has 7 seats and one has 8 seats. Part 1: How many different ways are
there to arrange the 15 people in the two cars? Part 2: Say that these
two people want to sit next to each other-how many different ways are
there to arrange the people in the two cars now? Part 3: Say that these
two people want to be in different cars, how many different ways are
there now? Part 4: Say that there are 9 additional people who want to go
on the trip now. There\'s no longer enough car space for everyone but
there are now 9 bicycles that can be ridden for those who aren\'t in a
car. How many different ways are there to arrange the 24 people such
that 15 of them are in cars and 9 of them in bikes? Part 6: What if
order matters? How many different ways are there to arrange them in the
vehicles and bikes where seat position in the vehicle and position (in a
single file line) on the bike matters? Part 7: They all arrive at the
beach and sit in a circle. How many different ways are there for them to
arrange themselves in a circle?

Is your brain fried yet? Mine is. I don\'t know which lecture I can use
to help answer that question. That would all be one question on an exam.
There would be five total questions and you would have 50 minutes for
the exam. Pretty insane, right? So what do you think happened when I
took my first probability exam? I had no idea what was going on. I
guessed on every single question and thought that I was probably going
to get a 22% if I was lucky. I got my exam back and I missed every
single question on the exam. You\'re probably thinking I failed. I got a
97. I look at my answers and compare with the answer key and all of my
answers are completely wrong. So how did I get a 97? On some of my pages
of work, he\'ll cross out the entire page of work I did for the entire
problem and just take a point off. For some other questions, he\'ll
cross out all of the work I did and take half a point off. After he
passes our exams back to us, he proceeds to tell us a story. He informs
us that he got in trouble during his first semester as a professor for
trying to give the whole class A\'s. What an angel. He started bickering
about how the department doesn\'t let him give all A\'s anymore and so
he has to assign one or two B\'s every semester so that he doesn\'t get
fired. I like this professor. So lets settle this now. What\'s the
probability of passing a probability class when you never get more than
one question completely right on a probability exam? Pretty high if you
are taking the professor I took. You\'re probably thinking-wait a
minute, is this the drugged out math professor? No! It\'s not. So how is
this guy not rated as high as the drugged out math professor? Well it
turned out this guy was new to the university and didn\'t have enough
ratings at the time to be the highest rated (easiest) math professor. I
finished the course, never getting multiple questions completely correct
on any exam or final. I ended with an A.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Dumb Transfer Credit**

This story is titled Dumb Transfer Credit. When you transfer to a
university, never assume that all of your credit is going to transfer.
If it does all transfer, don\'t assume that it\'s going to count for
what you think it\'s going to count for. When I transferred to a
university to start computer science, I didn\'t make any assumptions
about what everything would count as. I did have predictions about
possibilities of what some of my courses might count as, though. Many of
my predictions didn\'t hold up. In fact, half of my math and computer
science courses didn\'t automatically transfer so I had to petition to
get them transferred. Some weird things happened after the reviewing of
all of my petitions was done. All of my computer science coursework
transferred except for Computer Science 1. They gave me credit for
Computer Science 2, Computer Science 3, Computer Organization, Web
Programming, and Computer Networks. No credit for Computer Science 1. I
guess they didn\'t like my Computer Science 1 course for whatever
reason. Fortunately, they only enforced the immediate pre-req when
signing up for computer science courses. This means I could take any
upper division computer science course as long as I had the pre-req
listed on the course schedule. I didn\'t need the pre-req of the pre-req
of the pre-req of the pre-req. As a result, I took Computer Science 1 my
first semester along with three upper division computer science courses.
So I was less than a year away from getting my BS in Computer Science
and they made me take Computer Science 1. Computer Science 1 and 2 at my
new university is a semester of C++ programming followed by a semester
of Java programming. Computer Science 1 and 2 at my previous university
is a semester of Python programming followed by a semester of C++
programming. They counted my Computer Science 2 credit from my previous
institution as Computer Science 2 credit at my new institution. In other
words, my C++ programming course gave me credit for Java programming
instead of C++ programming. I compared syllabi in my C++ course from my
previous institution with the C++ course from my current institution and
they were the exact same. The department wouldn\'t look at my petition
to count my C++ course for their C++ course. As a result, I took C++
twice in total (once at a previous institution and once at my new
institution) and Java zero times. I became one of the only students at
my new university to graduate without taking a Java course. Makes sense,
right? Okay. So why didn\'t they let my Computer Science 1 course from
my previous university transfer as Computer Science 1 credit at my new
university? I don\'t know. Python haters. Anyway-onto the Computer
Science 1 course that I took at my new university. The class was taught
well but it was a total waste of time since I already knew everything
before we started. I even asked if I could test out of it and they said
no. The professor offered a ton of extra credit and I was able to easily
do it all because I had done it before. I accumulated so much extra
credit that the professor banned me from getting anymore extra
credit-something she didn\'t do to any other student. She then started
making jokes to the class like if the students have questions then they
should come to me instead of the TA\'s. I wasn\'t smarter than any of
the other students in the class. It was all about the fact that I had
taken this course before and most of them haven\'t. If others had taken
this course before and I hadn\'t, I\'m sure they\'d do way better than
me.

Another weird thing that happened was with my attempt to transfer credit
for Stochastic Processes. I sent a petition to have my Stochastic
Processes course from my previous institution count as Stochastic
Processes at my new institution. I attached the syllabus and course
description to my petition. The syllabus was literally exactly the same
as the syllabus for Stochastic Processes at the new institution. I also
sent a petition to have Mathematical Statistics count for credit for
their Statistics class. I also sent a petition to have Applied
Statistics count for that same Statistics class incase the petition with
Mathematical Statistics didn\'t work. Guess what happened? They rejected
my petition to have Stochastic Processes count for Stochastic Processes.
However, they used my Mathematical Statistics class to count as
Stochastic Processes despite the fact I didn\'t petition for
Mathematical Statistics to count towards that course and the syllabi of
those courses were totally different. They counted my Applied Statistics
course as their statistics course despite the fact the syllabus for my
Mathematical Statistics course lined up closer with the syllabus of that
course than the syllabus of my Applied Statistics course did. Whatever.
Employers who look at my transcript can have fun trying to not get
confused.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Great Communication**

Computer Architecture was one of the required core computer science
classes that I had to take for my computer science degree. More than
half of our grade was from homework assignments, which is extremely
rare. The homework assignments had super hard questions and there was
almost no help on the internet because the stuff we were doing appeared
to be useless. I understood all of the lectures going into the first
homework assignment and nothing from the lecture or textbook was even
close to anything on the homework. I go up to the professor and ask for
his recommendation on how to get help for the homeworks. He tells me
that there are three TA\'s that have office hours. I make note of the
only TA who has office hours that fit into my schedule. In fact, this is
the TA that grades my homeworks. I\'m about to go to her office hours in
two days. During the next day of class, I overhear students talking and
mentioning that the TA\'s barely speak any English and so they aren\'t
interested in trying to go to the TA office hours. I\'m actually getting
excited. I\'ve always had classes where I try to go to TA office hours
and can never get any help because it\'s overcrowded. Maybe the students
in my class won\'t want to combat the accents of the TA\'s and I\'ll get
my TA all to myself for help.

I walk into my TA\'s office hours for help on the first homework
assignment. She\'s the only one there. I tell her I need help on the
homework. She signals for me to sit down and so I sit down next to her
and pull out my homework. I show her the first question that I need help
with. It is a story problem. She proceeds to attempt to read the story.
I observe that she is reading the story very slowly and is confused on
most of the words. She gives up and stops trying to read the story.
Next, she informs me that there is only one way that she knows how to
communicate with me to help me with the homework assignments. I ask her
how she would like to communicate. She pulls out her laptop from her bag
and opens it up. She opens up a file on her laptop and turns her
computer so that I can see what is on her screen. It\'s the answer key.
Uhh. Well. This is good. I think. Do I just copy it all? To what extent
is she going to want my answers to be slightly different than the answer
key? Does it even matter if my work is different than the answer key
since she is the one who is showing me the answer key and she is also my
grader? I wasn\'t ready for this but I think her office hour sessions
will work out. The answer key not only has the answers but it also
explains how to work out the problems. I start reading the answer key\'s
solution to the first problem of my homework assignment. The answer key
explained the solution really well. I felt like I was really learning as
I was reading the answer key. I start to answer the first question on my
homework after reading the answer key. I tried to change a few words so
my answer wasn\'t word for word. I look in her direction after writing
it up to try to get a feel for if she has any problem with me learning
from the answer key to do the problem. She gives me a thumbs up. I go to
the next problem and do the same thing. Then I\'m on to the next
problem. Finally, I am finished. I\'m about to get up and thank her and
leave her office. She signals for me to stay seated and takes a look at
my homework. She starts checking my answers to make sure I didn\'t typo
anything. She happens to notice I typo\'d on one of my answers and she
backspaces my answer and types in the correct answer. After she\'s done
checking my last problem, she gives me a thumbs up indicating that I
don\'t need to do anything else for the homework assignment. I thank her
and leave her office. What a nice lady.

We get the next homework assignment the following week. Surprise! I
don\'t know how to do any of the questions. I return to her office
hours. I\'m about to ask her for help on the first problem and she
interrupts me before I can ask. She pulls up the answer key and shows it
to me. The process repeats. I keep attending her office hours for help
on the homework. No other student ever went to her office hours. I guess
it\'s good that the other students aren\'t willing to attend the office
hours of a TA who has English as her second language because this was
really efficient with us two being the only people in the room. It
finally gets time for the exam. I felt like I understood all of the
homeworks very well because the answer key did an incredible job
explaining them. I take the exam and get a 107, beating the class
average by 32 points. The process repeats until the semester is over. I
never saw another student in her office. I ended up making in A in the
class.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**The Most Unprepared Professor**

It\'s not too hard to tell when a professor is unprepared, especially
when it comes to my Operating Systems professor. Every single class day,
he will notice that the numbers on his PowerPoint presentations are
wrong. He probably spends 15-20 minutes every day correcting numbers on
his PowerPoint presentations during class. My favorite day of class was
the day that he was supposed to give us a pop quiz for the whole class
period that we didn\'t know about. He went to the library to go print
off the pop quizzes right before class. The printer was jammed. He shows
up to class and we can\'t take the pop quiz because he couldn\'t get it
printed. Good thing he waited until the last minute to print out the
quizzes. He had nothing prepared for the class that day so he just let
us go home.

My second favorite class day was cool too. It\'s just another day in
lecture and he opens up his laptop as he is about to start his lecture.
A message pops up on his laptop as he opens it up. \"Installing windows
update 1 of 37.\" He takes a seat and tells us to get comfortable. I
pull up my laptop and start surfing the internet. One hour and three
minutes later, his laptop is done installing the updates and we finally
start lecture. There\'s only twelve minutes of class left now. He
finishes the lecture and informs us that the material we couldn\'t get
to will just be dropped from the course this semester.

Stuff always didn't go as planned in his class and he was always so fast
to have excuses prepared. One day he is trying to show us how to run
linux commands on a windows computer. He tells us that we will use
Cygwin for his class to serve this purpose. He says that he has been
using Cygwin for years and likes it the best. He pulls up a Cygwin
terminal in preparation to show us how Cygwin works. He attempts to do
the easiest Cygwin command which is creating a file. He tries and it
doesn't work. He tries different Cygwin commands and they don't work. He
then says "You know what, I never really thought Cygwin was very good
anyway. I actually use Putty. Lets use Putty for our class. I even used
Putty just the other day on my computer for work." He types 'Putty' in
the search bar of his computer. No results. He starts searching his
computer all over for Putty. Ten minutes later, he still hasn't found
it. He didn't even have Putty on his computer. Luckily for him, class
was about to end. He magically had Putty on his computer the next class
day.

Homework assignments for this class were bad. Thankfully, there was only
three homework assignments. He gave us around a month and a half to do
each homework assignment. Each homework assignment was to write a
computer program for the specific instructions he gives. At the time
that the first homework assignment is given to us, he tells us he
hasn\'t solved the homework assignment yet. I look at the directions for
the assignment and I\'m thinking it\'s possible that the assignment is
impossible. I spend the next three or so weeks making sure I\'ve
completed my earlier deadlines for my other classes. The professor
emails the whole class saying that he tried the homework assignment and
that it isn\'t possible to do. It\'s great he didn\'t try it out before
assigning it and now tells us this after many people probably spent many
hours working on it. Luckily, I hadn\'t started. He makes an adjustment
to the problem and claims that the new version of the homework
assignment is possible but that he hasn\'t done it yet. I guess I\'ll
just not work on it for a little longer. He emails the class a week
later saying that he messed up with the assignment again and the new
version isn\'t possible either. He makes a second adjustment to the
problem and says he is going to try get this one to work. It doesn\'t
work either. Finally, he makes a third adjustment to the problem and is
able to solve it. OK. I\'ll actually start on the assignment now. It\'s
already five days until the deadline. I end up finishing it all in one
day in around 12 hours. Half the class didn\'t even finish by the
deadline and so he ended up extending the deadline by a few days.

The exams in his class were a joke. He lets you bring a page of typed up
notes to the exam. I ask him if there is a limit on the font-size of our
notes. He replies, \"There\'s no limit on the font-size for your notes.
However, I don\'t want you to just copy paste all of my PowerPoint
slides on your notes because you won\'t learn anything.\" I didn\'t
actually think of copy pasting all of his PowerPoint slides on my notes.
That\'s a great idea. I put those all on my notes. It\'s getting closer
to the exam and he informs us that he has his passed exams up on his
website for us to look at to study. He says that half of the questions
on our exam will be word for word from previous exams on his website.
Great. I put all of his previous exams in my notes too. You\'d think it
would be tough to fit all of that plus his PowerPoint slides on one page
of notes. Three point font works wonders. I walk into the exam with my
page of notes. I don\'t know anything. If the answer to a question
isn\'t on my page of notes, then I don't have it. Half of his questions
were word for word from previous exams like he said. The remaining half
was word for word off his PowerPoint slides except for one question. I
got a 98 on the exam. How do you think I approached the following exams?
The exact same way. Three point font for all three exams and then the
class was over.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Tardy Tenured Teacher**

It\'s the first day of class. I\'ve taken this professor twice already
for two different classes. Now I\'m taking my third class with him but
it\'s not by choice. He was the only professor that taught those classes
and they were required for my degree. He is late every single day. I
think the earliest he\'s ever shown up was five minutes late. On the
first day of class he shows up seven minutes late and makes some excuse
that he was only late because it\'s the first day of class and he wanted
to give more time to the students to find the class. He informs the
students that he will always be there right as class is about to start
for all remaining days of the semester. Sure. He shows up 12 minutes
late the next day of class. I guess he was technically right. He did
show up right as class was about to start. It\'s just that class was
about to start 12 minutes late. The third day of class was probably the
best day of class. He shows up 10 minutes late. A student quietly walks
in a minute or two later. He stops what he is doing and starts yelling
at the student for being late. What a cool guy. He should have yelled at
himself too. He\'s the only professor I\'ve ever had that showed up late
to class and then yelled at another student for being late to class on
the same day.

He has the weirdest office hours policy. You aren\'t allowed to ask him
anything pertaining to the class in his office hours. It even says so on
the syllabus. This is my third different class I\'ve taken him with
(again, not by choice but because he was the only one teaching each
time) and he has the same office hours policy for all of his classes.
His office hours are one hour per week which is the shortest I\'ve ever
seen for a professor. People in the class always wonder how he\'s
allowed to have his office hours like this. I just tell them that it\'s
because he\'s tenured. Anyway. His class was terrible. We had to give
two 20 minute PowerPoint presentations and write three essays-one of
which was a research paper. The first PowerPoint presentation we had to
give was a presentation of our research paper. Unlike the research paper
presentations in Dumb Research Paper Presentations, this one was
actually for a grade. It was worth 20% of our grade. He wouldn\'t give
us a grading rubric for the presentation so it was hard to tell what we
would be evaluated on. The only instruction I knew for sure and that he
made clear to us was that he wanted the presentation to be 20 minutes
long. If we go more than a minute under or over that time, we will be
penalized. We have a stopwatch to make sure we know how long our
presentation is. He wouldn\'t say anything about what else he wants from
us. I guess he just left the rest of the presentation to be up to our
interpretation on what we feel is best.

It comes time for the first day of the presentations. There are
presentations all throughout the whole month. The first guy gets up to
present his PowerPoint. His presentation is five minutes long. Five
minutes. It was supposed to be 20 minutes long. The professor is
furious. \"How can you give such a short PowerPoint presentation? You
can practice in your room and time yourself. Surely you didn\'t time
yourself in practice and see the timer at five minutes and decide you
are ready to go to present?\" The next guy goes up to present. He is
determined to give a longer presentation so that the professor doesn\'t
get angry at them. His presentation lasts seven minutes. The professor
is angry again and says the same thing to this guy as he did to the last
guy. Now, the final presenter for the day goes up to give his
presentation. His presentation lasted nine minutes but that was only
because the professor interrupted him on every other slide for having
false information which doubled the length of his presentation. A few
days later, there are more presenters. Some people are getting their
presentations around 12 to 15 minutes now. I\'m still surprised that we
haven\'t yet seen a 20 minute presentation since the professor had
mentioned the length of the presentation being one of the most important
aspects of the presentation. By the end of the class period, we finally
see a presenter who made it to the 20 minute mark. There was only one
problem. He went for an additional 10 minutes after that.

During the next class day, it is finally my turn to present. My
presentation is on software patents in the United States. The
presentation I give goes on to be around 20 minutes and 30 seconds. I
had practiced ahead of time and knew how long I needed to spend on each
slide to get the time I needed. I spoke incredibly slowly because it was
otherwise hard to give a 20 minute presentation on a topic I didn\'t
care much about. I figured the others might as well talk super slowly as
well so that they can just get their presentation to the necessary
length. Anyway, the professor only had one problem with my presentation.
He disagreed with the fact that my presentation mentioned that the
United States had software patents before the 1980\'s. I had multiple
sources from top scholarly journals in my presentation to back that up.
I didn\'t feel like arguing with him, though, because this was the only
presentation that he wasn\'t angry about so far. After my presentation
and question session is over, my next assignment for the class is to
finish off the research paper that I just gave a presentation over. The
oddest thing about the research paper is that it is only submitted as a
hard copy. I was almost positive that he would want an electronic copy
so that he could run everyone\'s research paper through the plagiarism
checkers to make sure they didn\'t cheat. Maybe his plan was to scan the
hard copies and run the scans through a plagiarism checker. Not sure.

I\'m trying to finish writing the research paper and it\'s hard to get
the length because my topic is so uninteresting. I\'m looking for photos
to add to my paper to get more length. I come across graphs for the
estimated number of software patents in the United States by year. The
graphs all show software patents before the 1980\'s which supports what
my sources say but goes against what my professor argued about when I
presented my paper. I\'m 99% certain that there were software patents in
the United States in the 1980\'s but I\'m not about to put that in my
essay since no amount of evidence will get him to believe that\'s true.
I can\'t find any graphs that don\'t show software patents before the
1980\'s so I have to take a graph and edit out the left side of it to
show software patents starting in the 1980\'s to make him happy. Once
I\'m finished, I go to turn it in. He makes some nerdy remark saying,
\"Your essay will bleed red when you get it back. There will be markings
all over your paper.\" I\'m not sure how to interpret this. Does this
mean he\'s calling me stupid? I\'m not sure how he is so confident that
my essay will have a lot of flaws when he hasn\'t read it yet. I think
about his comments as I get my essay returned back to me a few weeks
later. All my essay says on it is \"Form: B+\" and \"Content: B+\"
followed by a circle around one of the words in my essay. That was it.
There were no other markings made on my 16 page research paper. I guess
the one circle around one of my words was still more feedback than what
I got from my professor in the film class that graded my research paper
in 4 minutes, saying \"97/100 --sent from my iPhone.\" On the other
hand, at least the film professor actually gave me which percent grade I
got on it. Oh well.

The rest of the class didn\'t change a lot. We had to write two smaller
essays and then give one final 20 minute presentation. This last
presentation was not based on facts like the first presentation. This
presentation was based on an opinion where you have to take a side and
make an argument. I guess there was a little more uncertainty in this
presentation because you don\'t necessarily know which opinion the
professor will be of when hearing which side you take. Fortunately for
me, someone else in the class was doing the same topic as me and
presented a few days before me. As a result, I was able to hear my
professor\'s stance on the topic. I didn\'t even care what my opinion or
stance on the topic was. Well, at least not for the presentation. I took
his beliefs and put them all on my presentation and argued in support of
them. That ended my time in his class and he thought the presentation
was phenomenal.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Not Enough Data To Fire The Databases Professor?**

I had to take a Databases class for my computer science degree.
Databases is a great class, unless you are taking it with my professor.
She was terrible at teaching. She had PowerPoint lectures and just read
them word for word. I can do that. The worst part was that she had a
schedule for the lectures that made no sense and stuck with it. She did
exactly one chapter every single lecture, which would be fine if the
chapters were all short enough and of similar length. Some chapters were
20 PowerPoint slides long. Others were over 120 PowerPoint slides long.
The longest PowerPoint presentation she gave was 170 slides long. No
matter what the length of the PowerPoint presentation was, she always
finished. If it\'s a day where she has a lecture that is 20 PowerPoint
slides long, she will go slow enough to where at least a third of the
class understands the material. When it gets to days where there are
over 100 PowerPoint slides, she rushes as fast as she can from start to
finish without letting students ask questions. She\'s useless. We also
had two through three homework assignments every week. Got an exam? We
still have homework due the day of and the day after the exam. The
homework assignments didn\'t take too long to do but they were 8 pages
minimum and had to be submitted electronically as well as in class as a
hard copy. I probably had to print over 30 pages per week just for her
class alone. That\'s more pages of printing than the rest of my classes
combined. Well, except for that other class where I printed out my
textbook for the final. That\'s beside the point.

Her exams made no sense. The wording on the exam questions was very poor
and a lot of us couldn\'t understand the directions. On top of that, she
didn\'t show up when we had exams so we had to ask the TA\'s for their
interpretation of the directions. The TA\'s never understood the
directions either. There would be questions that the entire class misses
because no one (including the TA\'s) understood the directions and she
wouldn\'t do anything about it. She tells people that if everyone misses
a question, then it is not harmful. OK, well that\'s only true if she is
going to curve, which she didn\'t. She was angry that people didn\'t
like that everyone in the whole class missed a few of the questions so
she emails the whole class. The title of the email is, \"The universe
balances itself out. So does exam 2.\" Basically, she never budged with
any of the exam grading.

The dumbest part of her class came at the remaining few homework
assignments. She gave us some homework assignments where you have to
copy paste her code and run it before starting. For one of her
assignments, the code she gave us to start us off didn\'t work. Before
you ask-no this isn\'t the same professor who emailed the whole class
about me saying you can\'t copy paste your way to your degree. It\'s
just another professor who gives code with typos in it and doesn\'t
check before assigning it. Anyway. I can\'t get the homework assignment
to work. It turned out that the time between she assigned this homework
assignment and the time that it was due, there was no office hours. I
can\'t get help. I email her politely saying that I had tried her code
and it wasn\'t working. She doesn\'t email me back. I show up to class
the next day where we have to submit our assignment. She says that if it
isn\'t working for us, she doesn\'t want us to hand it in. Well, it
wasn\'t working for me so I didn\'t hand it in. I see some other
students hand it in and I\'m starting to think that maybe they are lying
about their program working. I go up to her after class and tell her I
couldn\'t get it to work and I politely bring up the email that I had
send to her without hearing back on. She informs me that I can submit it
later for full credit if I get it working since I had emailed her and
she forgot to get back with me.

I show up to her office hours a week later to try to get help on the
assignment. She is looking at the code I have on my computer that I copy
pasted from her website and she can\'t figure out why it isn\'t working.
She tells me she is going to look at her code from when she did it to
see how it works. She gets on her computer and goes to her folder for
this homework assignment. The folder is empty. She realizes that she
never actually did the homework assignment. She\'s starting to look like
my unprepared Operating Systems professor. Now she tells me she doesn\'t
know how to help me since she doesn\'t have it worked out. Maybe she\'ll
give me the answer key like my Computer Architecture TA did. What she
does next was sort of similar. Well not really. She tells me, \"Don\'t
worry, a few students who submitted this homework assignment got a 100
on it. I\'ll run their code to show you how it works since they got it
working.\" OK. She\'s going to show me some random student\'s solutions
since she couldn\'t do it herself. I guess I didn\'t expect much else.
So she opens up the grade reports for all of the students on this
homework assignment. She is looking at the list of grades of each
students and it reads something like \"0, 100, 0, 0, 70, 0, 0, 100, 0,
0, 62, 0, 0, 100\" and so forth for about 60 students total. She goes to
the first student\'s submission who got a 100 on the assignment. She
opens up that student\'s submission and runs it. It doesn\'t work. This
is awkward. She gave that student a 100 even though their submission
faked working code in the screenshots and didn\'t even work. Did she
even look at it when grading it? She probably never even tried running
anyone\'s code who turned it in. It\'s all good though because now
she\'s going to the next student who got a 100 on the assignment. She
runs his code. It doesn\'t work. This is now the second student who
received a 100 after faking working code that she didn\'t even look at
when grading. I\'m not sure if she\'s going to give these people a 0
when I leave the room or not. Anyway. Since this person\'s code didn\'t
work, she goes to the next person\'s code who got a 100. Doesn\'t work.
She repeats this process. 45 minutes later. She checks the last
person\'s code who got a 100 and it doesn\'t work. Great. Not only does
she look really bad for giving all of those people a 100 after not even
checking their code but she now doesn\'t have any idea what to say to me
about how to do this assignment. Not a single student got it to work.
She ends up saying to me \"If you get it to work, please make a tutorial
on how to do it and sent it to the class.\" Excuse me? Last time I
checked, she was the professor and I was the student. Also, how come she
didn\'t bring up the possibility of her maybe trying it out and then
explaining it to the class if she gets it to work? This isn\'t my
responsibility. I don\'t know what she did with the grades for the
people who she gave a 100 to on that assignment but I never figured out
how to do that homework assignment and neither did anyone else. I tried
really hard throughout the course and ended up with a B+. I\'m not sure
what else I could have done to do any better. The whole class was based
on your ability to interpret poorly worded questions.
