**Joining the Social Studies UIL Academic Team\...Sorta**

It is about to be my junior year and I want to apply to join the
National Honors Society club of my high school. Just like every other
person who ever joins a club at my high school, I only want to join the
National Honors Society so that I can put it on my resume. That\'s how
clubs in high school work. Clubs in high school aren\'t for people to
make friends. They aren\'t for people to have fun. They aren\'t for
people to meet other people who have a common interest. Clubs only exist
in high school to boost resumes. That\'s why I\'m joining National
Honors Society. However, there\'s one problem. I have to join two clubs
before I am allowed to apply to the National Honors Society.

Like any other person who looks for clubs to put on their resume, I am
looking to join some clubs that don\'t meet very often in order to
satisfy this requirement for National Honors Society in the easiest
possible way. That\'s where the idea of joining the Social Studies UIL
Academic Team comes in. A former social studies teacher of mine is going
to be in charge of the SS UIL team. At first, I\'m not interested in the
idea at all. If you read the US History story from DumbCollegeStories,
you probably know how good I am at social studies (not).

My former social studies teacher starts explaining how the SS UIL team
is going to work. She says that there will be tryouts for the team and
that the team will accept five people. She tells me that she doesn\'t
want people to feel like they tried out and practiced for nothing so if
they happen to not make the team, they can still put it on their resume.
This sounds great. So I can just tryout and make sure I don\'t make the
team. As a result, I sign up for the tryouts for the SS UIL team.
Another problem arises. It gets close to the day of tryouts and only
four others signed up, which guarantees that I am going to be placed on
the team if no one else signs up for the tryouts. I go around telling as
many people as I can about the SS UIL team tryouts since I don\'t want
to actually make the team. Finally, two others sign up for the tryouts.

It\'s the day of the tryouts now. We get a social studies test and the
people who make the top five scores are going to make the SS UIL team. I
need five of the six others to score better than me. I could try to miss
every question on purpose but then the teacher might get mad at me and
not let me use it on my resume if I didn\'t actually try. I start to
brainstorm a number that represents the lowest score that I can get such
that she still thinks I tried by hardest. She had me as a teacher last
year and wasn\'t impressed by me so I think I can score pretty low and
she\'ll just think I'm that dumb. Let\'s try for a 34. Sure enough, I
score in the 30s and get the lowest score out of everyone there. Five
people make the team and I\'m not one of them. I don\'t have to go to
any of the meetings or competitions now. I put SS UIL on my resume and
make it into National Honor Society for the following year.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Substitute Teacher Starts Paper Airplane Fight**

It\'s just another day in Algebra 2 class with a substitute. No one
knows how to do any of the problems we were assigned since there was no
lecture over the material that the homework is over. The substitute
doesn\'t know how to do it either. A random student starts trying to
make a paper airplane as all cool kids do whenever there is nothing to
do. The guy finishes the paper airplane and then leaves it on his desk
as he turns around to tell his friends how great his paper airplane
making skills are. The substitute overhears the conversation. He walks
up to look at the paper airplane and is unimpressed by the design.
\"There\'s no way that thing is going to fly\" he says. The maker of the
paper airplane is offended by the substitute\'s comment and proceeds to
throw the paper airplane across the room in an attempt to prove the
substitute wrong. It had a solid flight. Other students want to
challenge him so more people begin building paper airplanes.

Ten minutes later, there are now 30 paper airplanes in the room and they
are being thrown around everywhere. People flip their desks to the
ground for shelter as they are picking up landed paper airplanes and
throwing them back. It\'s an all-out paper airplane war for 20 minutes
and the substitute is even joins in. I connected on probably seven other
people but got hit three times.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Memorization Nation**

During my sophomore year, I took world history. At least that\'s what I
think it was called. I don\'t remember what that class was over. For
those who like when their teacher gives them everything they need to
know before the exam, this is your class. She gives you the answer key
to the exam the day before you take the exam and then you take the exam
without using the answer key. So what is the incentive for paying
attention in class if she is going to give you the answer key? I never
figured that part out. There was one day I was studying the answer key a
few hours before the exam. My teacher saw me studying and then
complimented me later in the day during class saying she likes that I
was studying for the exam. She was the only teacher I ever had that
complimented anyone for studying the day of the exam.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Exceptional Feedback On My Essays**

Ever since second grade when I was promised that I\'d be taught how to
write in cursive, I was lied to in some way about learning writing. I
take an English class during my junior year that is writing intensive.
The best part is the feedback we get on our essays. The essays are
graded on a score of 1-10. The teacher will not make any markings on our
paper other than our grade. All we can do is take the grade we get and
look at a grading rubric that has three sentences for each possible
score explaining why we didn\'t score higher. For a score of three, it
will say something like \"A score of three indicates that the author did
not write effectively. Their story is confusing and ambiguous. They did
not use high-level vocabulary or enough literary devices.\" A score of
ten says something like \"The author performed an adequate job on their
paper. The author communicated effectively and there is continuity in
his or her writing.\" Oh, so in order to improve my writing, I need to
write adequately. This is so simple! The best part is that if you go to
ask the teacher for feedback and how to improve, she\'ll just read off
that grading rubric word for word. This sounds like an effective way to
improve your writing.

I also like it how you could make multiple mistakes and some of them
might fit in multiple categories. How does she decide your score if you
make some mistakes that are mentioned in score 8 but also mentioned in
score 3? Just pick the lower one? How does she even rank which mistakes
are worse than others? There is nothing here even taking into account
the magnitude of how badly you messed up your mistake. You could use
medium vocabulary but someone else might use more well-known vocabulary.
Neither of them are \"high-level\" vocabulary. Do they both get the same
score? What is high-level vocabulary anyway? Just words that not as many
people know of? Who knows. Obviously no one learned anything from their
essays. My next year English teacher can\'t be any worse at grading
essays.

So I\'m taking English the following year as a senior and I\'m thinking
that this teacher is going to be much better. I turn in my first essay
and get it back about two weeks later. There are no markings on it.
There\'s not even a grade on it. I guess I can\'t talk down on my
previous teacher as much since she actually took the time to write out
our grade on our paper. She must have been working way too hard. This
senior English teacher will just give you your essays back two weeks
later with no markings and just not remember anything if you ask her
what she thought of your writing. Now you know why the writing you are
reading on this collection of stories is written in the quality that it
is.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Farmville Fam**

When I was taking sophomore English, the teacher I had played favorites.
If she liked you, you were guaranteed to get a good grade. I didn\'t
usually kiss-up to my teachers a lot but I had to do what needed to be
done in order to score well in her class. She loved me too. Every time I
turned in my essay she will say something like \"that looks like a
perfect A.\" I would always say good morning to her at the start of
class and ask her how her day was. I\'ll say stuff like \"I\'m so glad I
signed up to take English with the best teacher in the world.\" I had to
take it a step higher though. I decided to add her on Facebook. She
accepted my friend request. It turned out she plays Farmville a lot.
It\'s an app on Facebook where you have your own farm, you can plant
stuff, water stuff, and harvest stuff. You can have friends on the game
and go to any of your friends\' farm to help out. I became friends with
her on Farmville and helped out on her farm every day. Every day before
I went to sleep, I would check on her farm and make sure that everything
was looking good. She helped out on my farm too. I ended up scoring very
high in her class despite English being one of my worst subjects.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Patriotic American Chemistry Teacher**

Sophomore chemistry was interesting. Our teacher left in the middle of
the semester and we never quite got a permanent replacement for her. We
would get a teacher who is supposedly a permanent replacement and then
the following month that person would get fired or relocated somewhere
else. We had this one teacher who I\'ll refer to as the patriotic
American chemistry teacher. This guy had an interesting personality. One
day, it was his birthday so we started singing him happy birthday and he
yells \"shut up!\" in the middle of it so we quit singing. Nothing will
top what he did on another day, though.

He starts telling a story about how he used to be in the United States
military and how much he loves our country and honors the flag he fought
for. Ten minutes later, a wasp flies into the classroom. He starts
looking for something to use to swat the wasp. Out of all things, he
grabs the American flag in the classroom. He keeps swinging the flag at
the wasp and keeps missing. The wasp was flying all around the room. At
this point, the flag has hit the ground at least 5 times and hit the
wall probably 10 times. He never even killed the wasp. It just flew back
out later on. What a patriot.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Failed Pre-calculus Extra Credit Attempt**

I\'m taking pre-calculus as a junior. We have an exam and the grades are
very poor so our teacher lets us come in the next morning for an extra
credit opportunity. I have to do some algebra to prove that the left
side of the equation is equal to the right side of the equation. I know
how to do the problem but it takes over 20 steps and we only get five
minutes to do it. I end up working it out and I\'m very confident that
my answer is right. I turn it in to my teacher and she takes a look at
it. She takes my paper, holds it one inch away from my face, tears it in
half, and says \"you missed a step.\" I asked what was wrong and she
said that when doing my algebra, I didn\'t show division. Instead of
showing both sides being divided, I showed them being multiplied by the
reciprocal\...which is the same thing. She didn\'t accept it, though.
The good news was that she let me try again the next morning. Sure
enough, I did it the way she wanted and got my extra credit.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**The Unexpected Math Villain**

I\'m taking algebra 2 as a sophomore. Most people in my class are
struggling. Every math class has people struggling so this is no
surprise. We take this exam and I have no idea what\'s going on. I
guessed on more than half of the questions. I think I\'ll probably get a
50 on it. A few days later, our teacher is about to pass our exams back.
She tells us that the exam grades were absolutely horrible. \"Almost
everyone got lower than a 50 and there was only one person who made a
decent score\" she tells us. She is passing the exams back and everyone
is mourning over their grades. My classmates are trying to figure out
who was the one person who actually scored well. Most of the exams have
been handed back and there still hasn\'t been a passing grade. My exam
ends up being one of the last exams to be handed back. I\'m not feeling
confident. I take a peek at my exam grade and it\'s in triple digits.
117. I immediately turn my exam back over and try to keep a poker face.
It didn\'t work. Everyone started looking at me and got angry. I guess
they shouldn\'t have signed up for a math class with me.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Taking AP Chemistry For An Elective**

Not many people would take AP Chemistry for an elective credit. I\'m not
the most passionate about chemistry either but I decide to take it
because of the teacher teaching it. The lowest grade anyone made in AP
Chemistry the year before was a 97. There is almost no work in this
class and you are guaranteed a high grade on assignments, even if you
have no idea what you\'re doing. The teacher was the coolest person
ever, despite no one learning anything. He will intentionally make a
mistake when lecturing in class to see if anyone picks up on it and we
just pretend like it\'s correct. He\'ll stop and say \"did I make a
mistake?\" and we\'ll just say \"nope, you\'re good!\" The funny part is
sometimes he\'ll intentionally make it extremely obvious and we will
still pretend like he is correct.

The most interesting part of the class was the labs. We had that one
person in our lab group who always wants to go above and beyond and come
up with their own lab experiments. This sometimes causes some
interesting chemical reactions. He was doing his own lab one day and the
teacher sees what is going on and yells \"it\'s about to blow!\" The
whole class leaped over desks and turtled in the corner of the room but
nothing blew up. Five minutes later, someone else's lab blew up. The
funny part was that the team whose lab blew up was actually following
the rules (or trying to\...).

The teacher also had the most interesting philosophies with his exams.
You are allowed to take the exam in a group of up to 10. You are each
allowed to ask him for help on two different questions of the exam and
he will give you the answer. All our group ever did was just plan which
questions which person would ask and then ask in a random order.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Phenomenal AP Exam Pass Rates**

My high school had phenomenal AP Exam pass rates. By phenomenal, I mean
phenomenal in that it was phenomenal how low our pass rates were
compared to other schools. With over 2,000 students in our high school,
we will have 0 people pass the AP Physics exam, 0 people pass the AP
Chemistry exam, 0 people pass the AP Government exam, and 0 people pass
the AP Economics exam almost every year. If anyone ever passed those
exams (I don\'t know of anyone who did), it was only because they went
well above to self-study. If someone can pass those exams with our
teachers, then they can for sure pass those exams with no teachers
(because they pretty much just did). For whatever reason, teachers at my
school were evaluated by the school district based on how many people
signed up for the AP exams. It wasn\'t about the pass rate. It was about
the amount of students who signed up for it.

Teachers would try so hard to get people to sign up for AP Exams, even
if they knew none of their students have any chance of passing it. Most
of them would say something like \"You don\'t have to take my final if
you sign up for the AP Exam!\" or \"You\'ll get a free 100 on my final
if you take the AP Exam!\" Some of the AP exams that 0 students from our
school passed was the result of not having a \"teacher\" and some were
the result of not having a teacher. Why was one of those words in quotes
and the other not? Well the AP Exams that corresponded to a class that
we didn\'t have a teacher (no quotes) for were those AP courses that
were not offered at our school. No AP Engineering or AP Computer Science
here.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**US History**

This class may not have had as many chaotic moments as it did in college
but it certainly wasn\'t far off. I took this class during 7th period
which was the last class of the day and was full of trouble makers.
There was one hall pass for people to grab when taking bathroom breaks
but most people would just use it to take a 20-minute walk. My teacher
would kick students out of the class all the time. She never punished
them, though. She would let them go home without having detention. Some
students would try to get kicked out of class on purpose so that they
could go home. I remember this one day, my teacher was in a really bad
mood and half of the class was misbehaving. She kicks this one guy out
of class and yells \"Does anyone else want to leave too? You can go home
right now!\" Right after she yells that out, one guy gets up and walks
out. She is now even angrier. She turns her back to write something on
the board and five more people get up and walk out as her back is
turned. The class slowly got smaller throughout the rest of the day and
she ended up not caring anymore after the 10th person or so left.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Asinine Analytical Analysis**

We had to memorize around 200 literary devices during junior English.
For half of our assignments, we would have to take stories written by
famous authors and analyze it for literary devices. There was always a
certain amount of literary devices our teacher was wanting us to have.
The hardest part was that everything was subjective. You could strongly
interpret a sentence as foreshadowing but the teacher might have a
different interpretation and therefore your interpretation is wrong. The
worst part of memorizing what the literary devices meant was that most
of the literary devices were named in such a way such that the name has
nothing to do with the meaning of the literary device. The red herring
literary device has nothing to do with fish. The slippery slope literary
device has nothing to do with a slope. Nothing was cut and clear. Not
even the literary device called "long sentence" was cut and clear. How
many words in a sentence are needed for the sentence to qualify as a
long sentence? Or does it just mean that the sentence is long in
comparison to other sentences in the piece? We weren't given a specific
number and the teacher refused to explain it. There were also the
literary devices "medium sentence" and "short sentence." I used these to
get to the amount of literary devices she wanted since every sentence
fits in one of the three categories.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Pro JV Tennis Player**

Our junior varsity tennis team is playing another junior varsity high
school tennis team and our coach decides to troll the other team. The
name of one of our players is called, signaling that it is his turn to
walk onto the tennis court and play against the opponent of the other
school. My coach thought it would be funny to step onto the court,
pretending to be the guy from our school playing. Our coach was new and
young and looked just like a high school student anyway. Our coach steps
on the court and proceeds to warm up with the kid from the other school.
The opponent was completely fooled and had no idea that the guy on the
other side of the net was our tennis coach instead of his actual
opponent. Our coach was hitting the ball over 90 mph in warm up and the
guy was freaking out that his opponent was so good for a junior varsity
tennis player. After about five minutes, our coach told him that he is
the coach and not actually his opponent and the guy who was fooled
couldn\'t stop laughing.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Angry Tennis Substitute**

It is time for 7th period tennis and we have a substitute running the
class today. We are supposed to be picked up by our tennis coach in 20
minutes on the school bus to take us to our tennis match at another high
school. Our substitute teacher didn\'t get the memo. She wants us to go
to the weight room and lift weights. We tried to explain to her that we
have a tennis match against another high school starting soon and that
our coach is coming to pick us up. She didn\'t believe us. We obviously
don\'t want to lift weights right before our tennis match so we don\'t
want to go to the weight room right now. She yells \"everyone follow me
to the gym now!\" She turns around and starts walking to the gym. No one
is following her. She walks back to our class by the tennis courts,
yelling at us for not following her. She then sarcastically yells \"if
you guys don\'t want to go work out, then we can go to the library and
learn how to work out!\" A guy on our team immediately replies
\"library!\" She is now even angrier. She turns to walk to the library,
expecting us to follow. For whatever reason, she again doesn\'t turn
around to see if anyone is following her until two minutes later. Again,
no one is following her. She comes back and then tells us that if no one
follows her this time, she is going to complain to the principal. She
turns around and starts walking to the library and no one is following
her. Three minutes later, our tennis coach arrives with the school bus
and we get out of there before the substitute returns.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Touring High Schools**

When we had tennis matches at other high schools, I always toured the
high school. I never found a high school that looked worse than mine.
Some of the high schools had football fields with bleachers that go up
hundreds of feet. Our football field has five rows of bleachers. These
schools would have freshman wings that are bigger than our whole school.
Only once did touring a high school go wrong. Our coach parked the bus
at the high school and said that in 45 minutes, she will take us to a
different high school since our playing destination was going to change.
I decided to tour the high school with my friend. We kept track of time
and made it back after 25 minutes. By then, our coach already left with
the bus. Oh well. I guess a ghost can play in my spot. We decided to
walk to the bleachers and watch the tennis matches from there.
Eventually, our coach came back to get us.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Confusing our Doubles Opponents In Tennis**

I played a lot of doubles with my brother in high school and we liked to
confuse our opponents. Our opponents would see that we have the same
last name and that we look alike so they would always wonder if we are
twins or at least brothers. We will usually first get asked if we are
brothers and we will say yes. After that, we\'ll get asked if we are
twins and we will say no. Then, we\'ll get asked what grade we are in
and we\'ll say that we are in the same grade. Our opponents will always
be so confused. \"So you guys are in the same grade, you guys are
brothers, but you are not twins?\" "Yep!\" Ok now they are probably
wondering who failed out of school for a year. Nope, neither of us
failed. Ah. Same grade different age. Nope we are the same age. At this
point in time, our opponents try to come up with something clever
thinking we were born 11 months apart and happen to be born right at the
cut-off for the date that determines when they start school. On top of
that, right now happens to be the one month that we are the same age.
Nope. Our opponents can never figure it out and we shoot down all of our
ideas unless they happen to guess the situation correctly. No one has
ever guessed correctly against us. We leave them confused during the
whole tennis match to play mind tricks on them and then we tell them the
situation when the match is over. We are triplets.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Hotel Party On A Tennis Trip**

We are out of town for the weekend at a high school tennis tournament.
Our team stayed in a hotel for two nights. During one of the nights,
some people of our tennis team decided to have a party with people of
the other tennis team. The problem is, our tennis coach checks
everyone\'s room at 11 pm to make sure everyone is in their room. Our
tennis coach is going to one of our team\'s rooms at 11 pm and knocks on
the door. There is probably around 15 people in the room but she
doesn\'t know that. At this point in time, our teammates need to hide
the people from the other tennis team. However, they need a stall tactic
since our coach wants them to open the door right now. One of our
teammates yells out saying that his teammate is changing so he can\'t
open up the door until he is finished changing. They quickly stuff all
of the people from the other team into the bathroom. After that, they
hang up all of the artwork that had fallen off the wall. They turn on
the TV to Who Wants To Be a Millionaire and then let our coach in. Our
teammates in the room pretend to be following the show and start talking
about the question and making guesses. Our coach only sees our four
teammates and they are peacefully watching TV so she leaves and goes to
check other rooms. Mission success.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Benchwarmers Reloaded**

High school tennis tournaments in the fall can be tiring at times since
each school plays against four other schools in two days. This means
that each person has to play 8 matches since they\'ll play one doubles
and one singles match per school they play against. In high school
tennis, there are 19 matches played between two teams, which means that
your school has to win ten matches in order to beat the other team. If
your team still has other matches going on when reaching your tenth win,
the rest of the players can be pulled off the court without needing all
19 matches to be completed. One day, our team decided to put this to
use.

We were playing against our last school of the weekend so this is
everyone\'s 7th and 8th match. Everyone from our school and our
opponent\'s school is tired. We end up winning all of the doubles and
the mixed doubles, giving us a 7-0 lead. All 12 of the singles matches
are being played now and we just need to win 3 of them and then the rest
of the matches can be pulled off the court. The doubles matchups were
very one-sided so we are feeling confident in our singles. Here is where
the fun begins. A couple people from our team decide that they likely
don\'t need to finish their match since our team can have other matches
win and then their own match will just be pulled off the court when we
reach 10 wins. After being called in to play, they can just stay sitting
down on court and wait until the other matches finish. They talk over
this idea with their opponents and their opponents agree since they are
all so tired. So now we have 6 singles matches on court where both our
players and opponents are sitting on the bench socializing. All of the
spectators that came to watch are now watching people on court who are
sitting on the bench when they look to the north side from their seat.
To the south side, everyone is going all out and trying to win. We win
the first three completed matches on the south side and then everyone
from both teams gets to go home.

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

**Notable Notes**

-I took a psychology class during 1st period and the teacher\'s son was
a student of the class. His son showed up late every day.

-A guy got an award for perfect attendance one year. He was absent the
day he won that award.

-Everyone in our school hated standardized tests that we had to take.
This one guy tried to avoid having to take a standardized test by
requesting that his teacher send him to ISS (in-school suspension). His
teacher approved his request and wrote him up a note for going to ISS.
The student starts walking to the building for ISS. Ten minutes later,
he returns to our classroom and tells the teacher that they wouldn\'t
take him.

-We had a high school tennis tournament where they allowed me to play
doubles with a tennis player from a different high school.
Unfortunately, our wins didn\'t give us points towards either of our
schools. However, our wins negated points from being earned by the
schools of our opponents. We won three straight matches before being
defeated. We did not play against either of our schools.

-Some players on our tennis team enrolled in 7th period tennis but
refused to show up for class. They would just go home. The coach would
threaten to give them a 0 for the day if they went home and they\'d
still leave. At the end of the grading period, the coach lost the grade
book and everyone got a 100.

-A player who wanted to play on our tennis team decided that he didn't
want to try out. He skips try outs and the coach says that he isn't
going to be allowed on the team. The next day, he was placed on varsity.
